# Crawler-Search-CourseCatalog
Crawls through the UChicago Course Catalog page and gathers information on all classes. Then, indexes words from all collected course descriptions to courses using codes corresponding to individual courses. Here is a sample of the index format resulting from crawler.py:

1866|aanl
1867|aanl
1868|aanl
1869|aanl
1870|aanl
1985|abandon
2194|abandon
484|abandoned
2336|abandoned
1175|abandonment

The URL for testing the crawler/indexer was 
https://www.classes.cs.uchicago.edu/archive/2015/winter/12200-1/new.collegecatalog.uchicago.edu/index.html

This index is then inserted into a sqlite3 table and used in conjunction with all the other info collected from the crawler to create a search application for students, allowing them to search for classes by key word, department code, course name, course number, schedule by days of the week, a time window, building code, and walking time between previous/subsequent class. The application utilizes Django and was tested using Mozilla Firefox. 

crawler.py -- Crawls through courses from UChicago Course Catalog website 
to generate index of courses by words in description for students to find classes. Allows user to filter classes by specific words (i.e. search for all classes whose title or description contains the word "Markov")

util.py -- Contains many helper functions used in crawler.py

catalog_index.csv -- Output of crawler.py, inserted into catalog_index table within course_info.db

course_map.json -- Contains JSON file mapping courses to keys for use in the index generated by the crawler. Index maps course key to word appearing in that courses description. See below for more information.

course_info.db -- database with following tables: courses, gps, meeting_patterns, sections, and catalog_index 

courses.py -- Generates SQL query based on arguments received ui of Django interface. Has function to perform query on course_info.db and return results. 

building_list.csv, dept_list.csv, day_list.csv -- Contains all possible categories a class offering could have for variables building, department, and days of week scheduled respectively. 

ui_lists.py -- Contains functions to find longitude and latitude of buildings for use in calculation of distance between two buildings

main.css -- Code for defining parameters of Django search application. IMPORTANT: file originates from CMSC department of University of Chicago

settings.py -- Django settings for ui project

test_distance.py -- Contains function "compute_time_between" which takes in lat and lon and returns estimated walking time in minutes 

urls.py -- Has pattern of url, used in crawler.py

views.py -- PROVIDED BY GUSTAV LARSON OF UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO CMSC DEPT from Django Workshop Winter 2016

warmup.py -- Proof of concept and warmup

wsgi.py -- Deploys Django with WSGI

